README.md, before:

look at this repo https://github.com/geerlingguy/mac-dev-playbook/
It also uses ansible to setup mac.

Fresh installation
===
1. Copy GPG key to location, specified in `gpg_key_file` variable.
2. Refer to the installation section of the beforementioned repo.
3. Switch pass remote from https one to git
4. Add newly generated ssh keys to github/etc.
5. Fetch repositories (these dotfiles only setup dir structure and add origins to repos, you have to `git fetch`).
6. Save passphrase[s] of newly generated ssh keys to your password manager (`pass`, in case of this repo).
7. Change PATH to `~/bin:$PATH` after `ssh-ident` installation

Usage
===
`roles/<role>/vars/main.yml` in each role is supposed to contain secret information. The format of the secret information is described in `roles/<role>/vars/main.example.yml` file. It's loaded automatically by ansible.

TODO
===
- setup zsh
- add dotfiles (git, zsh, vscode)
- setup repos
- setup git hook to automatically encrypt/decrypt encrypted dotfiles (brave)
- change github and gitlab passwords to the ones easier to use ( as it has to be easy to set this up on new machine)

Commit message:

feat(brew): get rid of not used homebrew external role, use homebrew directly

README.md, after:

look at this repo https://github.com/geerlingguy/mac-dev-playbook/
It also uses ansible to setup mac.

Fresh installation
===
1. Copy GPG key to location, specified in `gpg_key_file` variable.
2. Refer to the installation section of the beforementioned repo (even though nothing from it is used directly)
3. Switch pass remote from https one to git
4. Add newly generated ssh keys to github/etc.
5. Fetch repositories (these dotfiles only setup dir structure and add origins to repos, you have to `git fetch`).
6. Save passphrase[s] of newly generated ssh keys to your password manager (`pass`, in case of this repo).
7. Change PATH to `~/bin:$PATH` after `ssh-ident` installation

Usage
===
`roles/<role>/vars/main.yml` in each role is supposed to contain secret information. The format of the secret information is described in `roles/<role>/vars/main.example.yml` file. It's loaded automatically by ansible.

TODO
===
- setup zsh
- add dotfiles (git, zsh, vscode)
- setup repos
- setup git hook to automatically encrypt/decrypt encrypted dotfiles (brave)
- change github and gitlab passwords to the ones easier to use ( as it has to be easy to set this up on new machine)
